there's something cursed about this land
our family moved west on a promise
a promise that now looked rotten
there's no room for boys in this family
anymore
and no one warned my brother about what
can happen
when you dream about destiny that's how
alison wells
entered this story
[Music]
the thief and murderer allison wells
sent five human souls to heaven if you
see this woman
do not confront her
okay
somebody's gonna pay me 20 000 to get
them to mexico you even imagine that
much money we got to get all the farmers
and we got to search
i need to get out of here you're hunting
me
you found her ancient wolves lady
it's complicated you know the worst part
of dying is kid
is being forgotten
[Music]
it's not safe me being here
or for any of us for that matter
[Music]
i won't be another victim of their lives
scared ass yeah me too
[Music]
you